---
title: "The Cloud and the Dirt"
video_id: "S4bAVgMJo8w"
source_type: video
method: assemblyai-ytdlp
collected_at: "2026-02-17"
slug: "the-cloud-and-the-dirt"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4bAVgMJo8w"
---

# The Cloud and the Dirt

[Speaker A] Something I've been thinking about a lot. It's this notion of the clouds in the dirt. It's kind of like another version of my steak and the sizzle, meaning I don't spend any time on the things that don't matter. And what doesn't matter is basically everything in between the overall vision and strategy and the real knowledge of it. Never cutting fabrics. That's average. What would ever happen if I got marriage? I fully believe I am bought in that there's an ROI here. I don't need the reports. I don't need Nielsen's. I don't need seven years later. You need the life where you were going to do something nice for somebody just based on what they were going to be nice for you in return. Right Then that wouldn't be a cool world. But the truth is, the best relationships are the ones where you give them something and then you start forming a relationship that then may benefit you somewhere along the line in the future. So when I say the clouds and dirt, my clouds are, I'm gonna buy the jets and here's how I'm gonna do it. That's a global clouds and dirt. Here's my clouds and dirt right now. As wearing my VaynerMedia hat all the time. Like, I believe that the attention of the consumer is on social networks from a better value proposition than it is on other places. I like seeing something, using it and then making my. The reason I. A lot of people, like, man, your predictions are right. I'm like. Because they already happened, right? What I'm good at is seeing something happen. Use it, use it fast, and then talk about it. Because I believe. Right. Predict that vine was gonna do well. I saw that vine was doing well. I spent a lot of time learning it, and then I talked about it. Do I think that billboard's dead? No, I don't. But I also think that as I look at all these people, they're looking at their phone, right? And so I don't think it's worth as much. How can a billboard be worth the same price today that it was five years ago? In a world where every person here, when they leave this conference, when they go in their car, if they're a passenger, is looking at their phone the entire time until they get to wherever they're getting and they're not seeing that billboard. And as a matter of not only the passenger, my friends, the drivers, it's scary out there. I actually have reverted back to driving with two hands. Cause I'm so scared of you. Jerk offs. Because every time I look to see how many people are looking at billboards, what I'm really realizing is forget about billboards, nobody's looking at the fucking road. So my philosophy is social media marketing works once you know how to do it and that's the clouds. See, I don't think I'm really that talented in most things. The only talent that I think really over indexes for me when it comes to business is truly understanding that innovation has never cared about anybody. Entrepreneurs and CEOs and individuals make the mistake of being either romantic or naive to what's actually happening around them. And so what you're going to see and what I'm banking on for my career over the next 40 years is the emergence of direct to consumer brands that are gonna be able to take advantage of the reality of technology but not be held down by the channel conflict of the scale that they're at and be able to grow into big businesses that go direct to consumer. And then the dirt is the fact of like all of this, that we do that I do put out the content, that I do understand what dark posts are, that I understand that we're talking now about Pinterest's new ad product, that I know the details. The holy grail of creating the strategy of the long tail algorithm search queries to target to the amplification of the creative we create done best is testing a lot of things for the first 30, 60, 90 and we're trying to figure out what those days really are. It's so early right now. The real true doctor product in the world right now is Facebook dark posts. And so I believe that engagement on Twitter makes sense. I also then do it. I mean all the people are like, you know, it's not about what you say, it's about engagement. And all these people that have their strategy down on social. The amount of social media gurus that are like make sure you engage and then they don't engage at all creates the hypocrisy. That's why I built the company that I built and not a media binucy. The variable of conversion is the creator and that is ip. That is human ip. A lot of times people don't have one or the other. They're too stuck in the minutia. They don't see the bigger picture. They don't know how to navigate or they get it philosophically, but they don't have the skills or the appetite or the want or the need to actually be able to do it right either. I'M completely crazy and like lost my mind somewhere along the way or shit's hitting the fan. An opportunity is striking and my guess is it's the latter. You know the details, know the philosophy, and don't worry about all the minutia in the middle, the politics, the process, the all the crap that does not matter and that's it. I spend all my time in the clouds and the dirt. And that's why I think I'm successful. I I play at the extreme levels of high buy in and then dedication to learning my craft. Cloudster.