---
title: "The Real Reason People Are Exploding on Social Media Right Now"
video_id: "GihIvrqLA3Y"
source_type: video
method: assemblyai-ytdlp
collected_at: "2026-02-17"
slug: "the-real-reason-people-are-exploding-on-social-media-right-now"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GihIvrqLA3Y"
---

# The Real Reason People Are Exploding on Social Media Right Now

[Speaker A] I think of attention like real estate. If you bought beachfront property in Malibu 39, 59, 63 years ago, you did better than someone buying it today. First mover advantage on platforms that have attention is always a good idea, but that doesn't mean that you can't get attention even though it's mature. There are people that are going to explode on YouTube, substack, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat and every other platform that are literally going to start tomorrow because they have figured out something of value that the end consumer is interested in. In fact, my. I would argue it is easier today to break out because when I was going you had to amass followers in 2016, I would stand here and be like, you got to start really making content. It's going to take three or four years. Now somebody here can literally make their first TikTok ever. The level of merit and opportunity for the individual human because of where the Algos are in social right now and for every business is profound and I want more people to take advantage of it.
[Speaker B] My first question for Gary since we're, you know, we're going to start this on the physical retail is like how what do retailers need to do to be more like Barnes and Noble and less like Big lots?
[Speaker A] Get good deals on their leases and operate those stores with a smart PNL and create demand through contemporary marketing that allows it to be a viable store.
[Speaker B] What do you think that, what are the metrics now? If you're talking about say, say you're a legacy retailer and you are in that we're all in this world now where there's all this information coming at us. What are the real metrics that retailers need to be paying attention to that, that, that they might currently not be for all businesses?
[Speaker A] I think we, especially when you get into the Fortune 5000 landscape, I think all of us are looking at metrics that are reporting and data for the sake of reporting and data. The great thing about being a retailer, unlike being a CPG or some other category is it shows up at the cash register, right? One of the great mistakes of Fortune 500 land over the last 20 years was separating the media and the creative departments both on the agency side internally, which allowed for a lot of fake reports to exist and doing a lot of this. You know, I grew up a retailer. It, you know, I vaynermedia. My entire career is based on how I did marketing at my father's liquor store. 20 minutes that way over the river. I was never confused if my marketing was going well or not because I didn't have all the things that come along with the inertia and corporate realities you should be measuring. If the working media dollars along with the creative in one siloed environment is driving the short term sales that you're looking for, and you're looking at the ltv, the lifetime value of the customers you're attracting to understand if you're having a brand effect overall, it's uncomfortably simple to measure. Corporate is bad at it.
[Speaker B] What are the. One of the talking points for this, for this panel. The panel description was something to the effect that brand, brand loyalty is earned and lost in seconds. I'm curious if you think brand loyalty even exists anymore in this world.
[Speaker A] Of course it does, in a, in a very substantial way. In fact, I think we're all going to learn all about brand loyalty as we go over into this next decade of AI where your agents are reordering products for you without your intervention, you're going to set that reorder mechanism around brand loyalty. And the only thing that will stop you from getting that repeat order of your mundane everyday items will be a brand that affects you with relevance enough that you decide to go into your tech stack and change the settings. We're going into a profound explosion of actual brand value. The problem is we have a whole landscape of executives all over the world that want to measure brand in a bullshit way based on subjective opinions and silly reports.
[Speaker B] You mean like, like, like consumer surveys? Would that be. Yes.
[Speaker A] Brand lift studies. Like, I mean, our whole industry is built on fake reports.
[Speaker B] Yeah, Well, I mean, the polling I'm sure is accurate to some extent, but.
[Speaker A] Polling is always wrong. But.
[Speaker B] Or maybe it's not measured. What? Maybe they're not measuring the right things.
[Speaker A] Well, but we also have to become more human and more common sense oriented. Like, go measure love. I would like you all to show me your report on how much you love your mom. You know, like, like your belief in God. Like brand affinity and loyalty. Like we're trying to measure something that's not measurable and then we decide to waste a gadrillion dollars on it and sit in boardrooms and debate adjectives and hues of color. We're, we're delusional.
[Speaker B] Well, repeat sales are measurable. So if you have a returning customer that indicates some kind in a real way.
[Speaker A] Chris, we're also living in a world where creative is measurable. The greatest thing about social media right now is that the AI algorithms are written based on relevance. Everybody in this room, if they've gone down some path of marketing in their lives. And in retail it's marketing and sales. Obviously there's so many other things, customer experience, but everybody knows that it's relevance to consideration to purchase that stays super true. So to your point, repeat sales or first sale is incredibly measurable. And we live in this world now where we can actually get true creative testing as a byproduct from a daily structured, strategic, social creative at scale, production and creative engine. Every single retailer sitting in front of us right now needs to have that capability. Whether they build it internally, whether they have an agency partner do it, whether they do it in a jv. But we're living in a great time where we can finally measure brand AKA creative in a way that we haven't been able to. And I think everybody here, I'm just going to go very practical with the hope that this brings someone value. Everybody here's number one measurement needs to be views achieved. Views achieved by the creative in your social output across the seven or eight social networks monthly gross and per post. That becomes the starting point to understand how your marketing mix can be successful.
[Speaker B] I heard you, I've heard you say a few times that you believe we're now not in the age of social media, but interest media. Just talk a little bit about what you mean by that.
[Speaker A] That's what I was just referring to. I've painstakingly worked really hard for the last 20 years to amass 50 plus million followers and I'm starting to on a daily basis lose the leverage that I've created for myself. Because we're now down to a place where the individual piece of creative gets the reach, not how many followers you have. You are.
[Speaker B] No, back to the brand loyalty thing.
[Speaker A] Well, relevance thing or relevance. This is important, right? It's the relevance thing. The creative gets views from the relevance. And to your point, if you see something that's relevant to you over and over and over again, now you start to create loyalty. Right now you're like, oh, this is a brand I like. They talk about things I like, this is things I like. And all of a sudden you've gone from acquaintance to friend and eventually family. That journey that we do as humans, we do that with brands like, oh, that's interesting. Oh, that's interesting again. That's interesting again. Now the product has to be great. Now you get the product, you like it enough or you like it a whole lot. And now you're into real brand loyalty.
[Speaker B] So this is a relatively recent change with the, the way the algorithm, the algorithm Prioritizes what it thinks you're interested in as opposed to who's in your. How did this come about?
[Speaker A] Because the companies got smarter. It really was driven by TikTok for all the OGs in the room. It was originally done by Tumblr years ago. You know, I was an early investor in Tumblr and I, I thought it was going to be bigger than Facebook and Twitter. Those were my first three investments. Thank God I wasn't making prediction videos back then because I would have definitely made that video. And it was because I believed. I knew that I loved the jets and wine and other things, that I would like them forever. I also knew that some high school friends, some former co workers, some college friends would come in and out of my life. There was more consistency of what I was interested in than who my acquaintances or lightweight friends. Best friends can stick, they're family. And so I could really see when social exploded. And I was very early on it, I was already 31, I wasn't 16 or 14. So I'd lived enough to see the social dynamics moved enough where I understood that social had some vulnerabilities if it was just based on who you followed. People change, interests change, lifestyles, life journeys. But interests, the core interests we all have here, they stick. New ones join and when they join, like for example, if I got into fishing right now, Chris, very quickly, all my social networks would be showing me fishing content because I would start to search and explore fishing content.
[Speaker B] You only have to linger on that one video and then TikTok suddenly realizes it thinks you want like 50,000 of the same, like kind of video.
[Speaker A] It does start to think you want that we are in control to show the algorithms if we are interested in it. I laugh when people are like, oh, the algorithm changed me. The algorithm changed no one. The algorithm exposed everyone.
[Speaker B] So for brands or retailers, starting now, like if you're starting your social game right now, should you be prioritizing, even building a following? Is it more about just creating content that you think people are going to really want to engage with?
[Speaker A] Number two creates number one. We are in complete relevance warfare. And for all the math kids in the room, the greatest part of this is that if you get committed to organic social at scale to bring relevance and awareness, the highest performing, organic reached pieces of content, when you take that content back to the lab, slightly tweak it and put it into your performance, it outperforms your best AB meta testing by a country mile. That's the brain right now. There's a lot of people in here who are doing performance marketing. Which could I ask everyone, could we all just agree to change the term to performance selling? Because it's not marketing, it's performance selling for people that are doing performance. If you haven't gone down the rabbit hole of organic social re edited for performance, it's one of the greatest additions to your tool belt that will grow your business. The creative has been validated by the algo. People like that creative. You bring it back home and slap on free shipping. Two for what? You give it a performance element. Don't change it so much that you took the essence out of it that made it relevant. This is a huge addition to your game that I could not recommend all of you more.
[Speaker B] I want to actually talk about some of the platforms themselves. I heard you were asked once which platforms should retailers be on? Should businesses be on? You said all of them. Why? Why do we need to be on all these different platforms? Especially when you're a smaller company and you might not have the resources to.
[Speaker A] I think that's very fair. If your resources are super low, there is some prioritization. Again, the brands that are represented here are more interested in throwing unlimited money at programmatic garbage and so many other behaviors that bring no value. And so I want them to take those monies back and reallocate them to, you know, the places where the attention of the people that buy things is.
[Speaker B] Actually, I've heard you mention LinkedIn as an underappreciated platform to build businesses. I'm curious, like for people in the room who's using LinkedIn to build their.
[Speaker A] Business, actively raise your hands high just so people can see it around the room. You know, I think we would all agree that's probably more hands than we than many in the room anticipated and definitely more hands than would have gone up three years ago. I think what the hands in this room figured out that I've been on for quite a while is that yes, LinkedIn is a more first of all, if you're a B2B company, for all the B2B people in here, if you're selling SaaS, if you're selling to the people in the room that is your Facebook, TikTok, Instagram in one, every B2B company should be pot committed to LinkedIn. That's one, two even for us B2C ers, you know, sure, we might be going in there to recruit or learn something about what happened here, but we're still human beings. So if you see a piece of creative that's relevant to you, you know you're going to consider it. And if you're smart in this room and you make the creative contextual to someone who's in LinkedIn, right? If your piece of content is about, hey, are you traveling all the time for work? All of us in LinkedIn are like, yeah, that's fucking me. And so that's going to hook you. And then you can kind of convert where you want to go with it, even if you're selling sandals or candles or wine. Oops, sorry. So, you know, I think, I think the smartest marketers are obsessed with context, volume, relevance at all cost, humility around creative. Not leaning on your subjective opinion like your dom Draper in 1965, but understanding that we are in a distribution model now where we can create creative at scale and get consumer insights and data affirmation that then allows us to deploy paid media for another framework on this, Friends, I think we've lived in advertising for 70 to 80 years in a model that is let's use working media dollars to hide bad creative. I think we're now clearly in the era of let's use working media dollars only to amplify and scale good creative. And good is judged by did it actually achieve views? Not four executives in a room saying, that's on brand.
[Speaker B] I'd love to talk a little bit about live social shopping. I've watched a few videos of you talking about live social shopping. Probably about a year ago you were talking a lot about this and saying it was going to be a really big thing here. I'm wondering if you think it's lived up to your. Your expectations so far. This is the sort of buying stuff off of a social media website in a. In a live situation like QVC style.
[Speaker A] Friends. And please, I know it's early, but just please raise your hand if. Just so the room can get educated. How many people in this room are aware of what what not is the app? Raise your hands. Whatnot. Raise it high. Actually, can you stand up? I know that's a lot to ask, but please. I know, sir, but please, could everybody who knows what whatnot is stand up? Because I want people to get the context of the numbers. I really appreciate that. Thank you. Whatnot is an independent app. You just saw that about 3% of the room even knows what it is. It did. $10 billion. 7 to 10 billion. We don't have the numbers. It's private. 7 to $10 billion in GMV last year it sold gross merchandise value. It sold 7 to $10 billion worth of stuff. I don't think anything I'm saying right now is so I'm so cool like this is. Everyone knows what I'm about to say. This has been going on in China for a decade. Everybody here knows, I think going on.
[Speaker B] Emarketer had a report in October saying it's a little bit, it's been a little bit slower to take off. In the United States, just 11% of Creator Driven shoppers have made a purchase on a creator's live stream. So that's 11. 11. That's nothing.
[Speaker A] That's.
[Speaker B] But it's not. But it's, it's not the, it's not the mass critical mass that we've seen in yet China yet.
[Speaker A] Yet it was nothing 36 months ago.
[Speaker B] Some of the success stories are interesting though. The, the, the Labubu dolls, the Pop Mart Labubu dolls. Everyone, everyone probably knows what, what those dolls are. They've been hugely successful at selling stuff live and so has Ikea has done it on its own website, used its own website as a live streaming platform to sell things. I'm curious if you think like, are there certain use cases that it's just better than others?
[Speaker A] Nope. I think this is social media all over again. A bunch of people in this room and a bunch of people in this industry 10 years ago said social's not for us. We're a high end brand. We're expensive, we have a higher AOV. This is all I heard in 2010. 7, 6, Teen 13, 12. Everything sells on social now. And everybody knows that live shopping is not built for tchotchkas like Labubu. In China, they sell cars at scale through live shop. Live shopping is attention. Consumers see something and they act on it. It's a frictionless environment. You're in your feed, it just shows up. You like purses, you buy a purse. It's easier than any other e commerce. Every single company here, every retailer here, if they are not spending an enormous amount of time debating their live social shopping strategy and in the US that's predominantly TikTok Shop. Whatnot is still predominantly collectibles with a little bit of clothing. And like whatnot has not gone broad yet. TikTok shop is the real player. Twitch just launched their shopping ebay. Lives product is very strong. There's an incredible app that you should all look into called District. It's like the shopify of live shopping. This ecosystem is building anyone here at a Fortune 5000 level that isn't spending an enormous time trying to figure out their live Shopping strategy and figuring out their GEO and AEO strategy. If they're not doing that, they are setting themselves up for very challenging 2027, 2028 realities.
[Speaker B] We're actually running a little bit low on time already and we barely talked about AI. The reason I want to bring it up is because you are an influencer. As I don't know if you embrace that term or not, but you are an influencer. You have. You also speak a lot about the idea that companies and brands should partner with influencers and in a way that gets their brand out there. Do you worry at all about what AI is going to do to the influencer economy and how we're moving into this world where you can't tell what's real and what's fake and how much easier it is now to create, you know, quote unquote virtual influencers. Does that concern you?
[Speaker A] No, not at all.
[Speaker B] Because I did. I also have a quote here from you saying I think it's going to cause a decade of confusion. I think just talking about. I, yeah, just.
[Speaker A] I just believe in human beings like so let's break it down. Nobody felt bad for the A list celebrities that the influencers have come along and taken money out of their pockets like you write. And so I don't feel bad for the people that create AI influencers and bring value to the end consumer. And if they start getting brand deals and they come out of the influencers pocket, I think this is evolution. I think this is just what happens. You know, listen, I'm like any other sane human being. Anytime there's profound technology, you try to think through the good and the bad that can come along with it. Many inventions through the history of time are demonized up front. Electricity being my favorite historical story of how we tried to not accept it. We were big on candles back in the day and so, you know, am I concerned? I'm not concerned in the macro. I believe in the human spirit. We've navigated atomic bomb invention. I think we'll navigate the AI invention. But do I think a lot of B, C, D list influencers, if somebody was making a list on how much they make or how many followers or upper font, do I think that they have a vulnerability on losing brand deals to AI influencers? I know they will.
[Speaker B] Yeah, you can already see the use cases. I mean there's others. You can go to certain travel websites now and see that a lot of stuff clearly looks like it was created by AI.
[Speaker A] Yeah, this is one of the profound inventions in the human race and we will all live through it. And there's many things that we can't even anticipate that they will create. But I would also argue like when I look at this crowd, I get so happy knowing that so many people's parents, children, spouses and themselves will live 10 to 15 years longer because AI in medicine will detect a disease earlier than a doctor. There's so much remarkable joy that's coming. Some business commerce reshaping I think is frivolous in comparison to the upside.
[Speaker B] You were early to YouTube. You were blogging on YouTube in 2006, right? I mean, YouTube basically just started at that time. If you were just starting out now, would you be embracing AI in the way that you, that you embrace YouTube and how, and how would that look like if young Gary Vee starting out now and trying?
[Speaker A] No, no different than old Gary vee, but.
[Speaker B] Except YouTube is already well established and you can't just jump on there and make and get the attention that you, that you. I'm not saying you're.
[Speaker A] I totally understand what you're saying. No, no, you're absolutely right. I think of attention, like real. Right. If you bought beachfront Property in Malibu 39, 59, 63 years ago, you did better than someone buying it today. First mover advantage on platforms that have attention is always a good idea, but that doesn't mean that you can't get attention even though it's mature. There are people that are going to explode on YouTube, substack, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat and every other platform that are literally going to start tomorrow because they have figured out something of value that the end consumer is interested in. In fact, my friend, I would argue it is easier today to break out because when I was going, you had to amass followers. And so when I used to sit on a stage like this, 2006, it started in 2016, I would stand here and be like, hey, you gotta start really making content. It's gonna take three or four years now. Somebody here could literally make their first TikTok ever and it could be the start of the whole. We're in a profound opportunity, the level of merit and opportunity for the individual human because of where the algos are in social right now and for every business is profound, profound. And I want more people to take advantage of it.
[Speaker B] Well, I think that's a great place to leave it. We are really low on time. Gary Vaynerchuk, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you everyone for coming out for the first session this morning. I hope everyone enjoyed the conversation.