---
title: "How Anyone Can Make $1M in 24 Months: Social Media & Marketing Playbook"
video_id: "gcQtaeUIR6Y"
source_type: video
method: assemblyai-ytdlp
collected_at: "2026-02-17"
slug: "how-anyone-can-make-dollar1m-in-24-months-social-media-and-marketing-playbook"
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcQtaeUIR6Y"
---

# How Anyone Can Make $1M in 24 Months: Social Media & Marketing Playbook

[Speaker A] Buy anything at wholesale that people buy anything. Shirt, hat, toothpaste. Go on TikTok shop and on whatnot and start selling it. Go hard and every single person here can make a million dollars in profit a year and 24 months dead. But I'm telling you, live social shopping, it's a half a trillion dollar industry in China. This already happened. Every single person in this room, if you're willing to work, will make $1 million in profit selling plants, glasses, mugs, ties. Tell me why not one person in this room in 24 months is going to do what I just said. You're looking to figure yourself out how to put you in a position to do what I just said. That is what I'm here for.
[Speaker B] Someone believes that money is freedom. They're already enslaved to money.
[Speaker A] What you're looking for is freedom from money.
[Speaker B] From money.
[Speaker A] Not that money will provide you freedom. Correct. My favorite that I get. Oh, Gary. But you're all happy and like this now because you made it. I'm like, motherfucker, I made it because I was this happy and liked the whole way. You know, it's always these things and it's only this. There's a million ways to make money. I'll do it right now. Buy anything at wholesale that has a higher retail value and go on TikTok shop and whatnot the app and sell it on live shopping because the QVC of social media is now here. Buy anything that people buy. Anything. Shirt, hat, toothpaste. Buy it at wholesale. Oh, Gary, how do I get it at wholesale? Use ChatGPT and be like, I want to buy toothpaste wholesale. Take it in, go on TikTok shop and on whatnot and start selling it. Go hard and every single person here can make a million dollars in profit a year in 24 months. Dead ass. Now let's stop play with me here. Who here would like to make a million dollars for themselves? Not the business makes a million. I'm talking the business makes 3 million. You make a million. Who would like to. Who would it be better for in this room to make a million dollars take home in 24 months than what you're doing now? Please stand up. Stand up. I want to see. Might not be for everyone. I just want to see who sit down. Thank you. Okay, now let's keep playing. 75, 80 of this room stood up. I'm gonna say it slow. Buy any. Obviously the more work you put into what I'm saying, more research with chat GPT for free, the more upside you'll have but buy anything at wholesale. Meaning you have to buy like if you buy something for 10 bucks but then you Google it or go to Amazon and it's nine bucks, you're out. You have to buy something for five that you can't find anywhere else for less than nine. You need to have profit. But I'm telling you, and I think some of you been following me long enough that you know I'm good at this trends thing. Live social shopping. It's a half a trillion dollar industry in China. I'm not Nostradamus. This already happened, just in a different part of the world. Whatnot. And how many people have whatnot on their phone right now? Raise your hand. Not bad. 9 12, right? Probably. How many have whatnot because of me on your phone? Raise your hands. Right, okay. The same 9 whatnot is going to do 10 billion in sales in GMB gross merchandise value. $10 billion worth of stuff this year is going to sell on whatnot in the US. 7 to 10 billion you can't get. It's a private company. We're all trying to figure out what it is. It's going to do 7 to 10 billion in sales on an app that no one in this fucking room ever heard of. So I'm going to. We're going to keep chopping some wood here. I'm telling all of you that every single person in this room, if you're willing to work 9 to 7, 9 to 8, like I can't have you work 9 to 1, will make $1 million in profit selling plants, glasses, mugs, ties. Now Andrew, tell me why not one fucking person in this room in 24 months is going to do what I just said. That is what I live for. That is why I'm here. That is what I'm curious about. And that leads me to. You're not looking for information how to make money. You're looking to figure yourself out how to put you in a position to do what I just said. That is what I'm here for. Does that make sense? Right? I just told you I'm right. I am right now listen there we can get very detailed. Someone said, Gary, I'm $13,000 in debt. How do I even start? Like I don't have the money. Like go $16,000 in debt. Credit card companies love to fuck you. So get that first 3,000. That way, I don't know, fucking go to that shady ass dude in the fucking city who will loan shark your ass. Take that 2,000 bucks from him. You might Die. But, but if you listen to me, you'll pay him back and you'll be on your way like there is always a way until you've decided there's not. And that's actually my biggest concern right now. Andrew. The biggest concern I have right now is the mechanism. I don't believe in this matrix shit and all this, but human culture right now has all of you believing that. It's hard. My favorite, Gen Z, all day long in social they're getting fed propaganda. You have it worse than your parents. This is the most fucked up generation. Fuck the boomers. They fucked it for you. I, I know 40,000 23 year olds making a million dollars a year. You can literally now sit in your fucking bedroom and make videos on TikTok and fucking Cook. This is the greatest era for a 22 year old who's over 45. Raise your hands. Could you imagine if we had this shit? We had to work at fucking Kmart and Burger King and pay our dues. Motherfucking kids are going into corporations right now thinking they should be senior vice presidents. Everybody who just raised their hand over 45, we didn't say a fucking word for the first five years. This is the greatest era to be a kid. And now AI is here. Are you kidding me? So cool. You could read some chart that says something about the macro financial system in the world. The fuck does that have to do with you? You as a kid are fucking weaponized with your phone, with a super computer and unlimited opportunity and unlimited time. But because you believe it, you're dwelling. I don't believe them, Andrew. I do not believe the people that sell fear and I do not believe the people that sell negativity. I believe it's fully in their own self interest. I think parents sell fear to kids out of their fear of their kid getting hurt because they love them so much. So it is their self interest not instilling good things for their kids. I think politicians are on a fucking historic run of selling fear on both sides of the aisle. And I think you fucking people listen to them. And I think you should stop. You got more to cook on that.
[Speaker B] One or you want to go to?
[Speaker A] Let's bounce around you about anywhere you want to go.
[Speaker B] All right, let's go to my favorite topic right now that you talk about.
[Speaker A] AI. Yes.
[Speaker B] Because you have a very unique look inside of it. Very, very, I'll even say a little bit of behind the scenes stuff that maybe other people like you to always see.
[Speaker A] What do you see with AI happening.
[Speaker B] Right now with businesses owners right now.
[Speaker A] Who'S over 50, raise your hands. You should be winning this game. Here's why. You watched, in the early part of your career, computers and the Internet come in and change paper and fax machines and beepers and you. And so that means you've seen, historically, a very big technology come along and reshape everything. This is absurdly big. I cannot tell you how big this is. It is so big. But I think it's big. Good. And again, I know I'm by myself up here. I know everyone's like, this is bad. And I'm gonna get fired, and everything's bad, and the robots and humanity and bad. And I'm a rapper and my shit's fucked up and it's bad. It's all bad. But I'm gonna bet it's not. I think it's gonna change. When the tractor was invented, 85% of humanity worked on farms. And that was bad until it was actually good. I think it's gonna advance us. Do I think people are gonna get caught up? Yes. But I also don't see anyone in this room they didn't cry for the biggest salespeople of the Yellow Pages when Google came along and wiped them out. I don't see any of you crying for the yellow taxicab medallions that used to be worth a trillion dollars in Manhattan before Uber came along. You're not crying for them. Oh, you're crying for you. Oh. When Amazon came and killed every bookstore, you didn't fucking rally. You didn't give a fuck. Because it didn't affect you. You're paying attention because it's. You're scared it's gonna affect you. So now the question becomes, what are you gonna do about it? I have good news for you about AI. This will be historically correct. I feel it very much. AI is one of the biggest tidal waves of our time. It's coming. You know it's coming. Who here is aware that AI is brewing and it's going to be a big deal? Raise your hands. Good. That means your excuses in 36 months of AI fucking you up by you raising your hand is now null and void. If it fucks you, it's your fault, you know? So now the question is, what are you doing about it? Many of you are shitting on it. Thinking your subjective opinion on your Facebook group and in your kitchen has anything to do with anything. You like that one? I like it, too. I think it's funny. Like, okay, like, you think it's bad for humanity and stop dwelling about it and coming up with excuses because you don't want to put in the 100 hours of work to understand how to use it. Go grab a surfboard and ride this wave. That surfboard is your 200 hours of work and learnings and using it or do what I think a lot of you are doing. Here is your AI strategy. With the tidal wave coming, Head in the sand, praying for luck, hoping the government regulates it, hoping something miraculous happens, or just hoping you're old enough and you just won't be affected by it that much. I don't know what else to say. Here's my answer on it. I believe every person here, if motivated by my words, should go home and spend 100 hours as quickly as possible, preferably over the next 100 hours. But I know people are living life, so I'll take the next thousand hours, 100 of your next 1000 hours awake. And I want you to download every AI player. Perplexity, Gemini, definitely chatgpt. I want you, all of you are on social media. I want you on Twitter next using Grok. I want you to use Facebook and Instagram's search because it's AI enabled and I want you to get comfortable. Hey everybody, I'm not going to keep you long, but I've got to tell you about GaryVee.com Stan Store, an incredible tech stack for creator, entrepreneurs and entrepreneurial creators is literally the tech stack based on what I wrote in Crush it and Crushing it and really the thing almost all of you are trying to build. So if you are one of those people, go to the GaryVee challenge that I've partnered up with. This investment I made in Stan's store. I believe in this. I believe in it for you. You'll see why I love it. Garyvee.com Stan go check it out. Now back to the video. Here's the craziest shit about AI. You don't need me. You don't need me to tell you things up here. You literally go to AI and say, AI, I'm a lawyer. What are the five best apps as of this month to use for a lawyer in AI? Enter apps Download Play Next AI ChatGPT. I am a fashion designer. What are the four best apps that have popped up in the last four months that I should know about? Download to make me More efficient with AI. Enter answers 4 links Click Download Play in it we have become unbelievably good at pointing fingers. We blame everybody for everything. The government, big tech, Mark Zuckerberg Trump, Biden, our parents. You don't get it, Gary. My mom was an alcoholic. No shit. We have gotten remarkable about like. My question is, so many of us grew up with adversity. At what age are you allowed to take accountability for everything in your life? I ask all of you, what is the age like, by the way? Listen, I hope my tone is not lost. People grow up with some shit. Like, I am not sitting here, right? Like, people grow up with some shit. But you know this. Your shit feels bigger because it's yours. I promise you, whoever's like, man, my shit. You don't get it, Gary. I promise you, probably the person either to the left or right of you had it worse. And so I ask you, when is it all your fault? Is it 18? I think so. Is it 22? Is it 30? Is it 40? Like, when is it time for you to be like, yep. Bad neighborhood. Yep. Dad was a narcissist. Yep. Grew up in a bad economic time. Yep. Picked the wrong industry. Yep. Like, got forced into a college by my parents and I shouldn't have taken on that debt. Like, yep. Like, but when is it you? Today, my man. Today. So you know AI? You think Sam Altman invented AI? Come on, come on, wake up. It's called evolution. Some motherfucker bought 50,000 horses the day before the car was invented. Oh, you want to be in business and entrepreneurship? What the fuck do you think this is? You better be lucky enough that someone like me doesn't decide to be in the business you're in. So what are we talking about? This is real life. And so I think everyone here can do it, but I think we have to get out of over coddling and pointing fingers and we got to get back to some shit that works, which is I am in control. I am capable, by the way, self awareness too. I suck at a lot of things. But just because you suck at a lot of things doesn't mean you're a loser. Doesn't mean you suck. If you suck at a lot of things, that doesn't mean you suck. It means you're a human being. We got to get our self esteem up, we got to get our accountability up. And most of all, we got to recalibrate what a necessity is and what's a luxury. Everyone's like, I. I'm world broke. I'm like, stop buying $37 martinis, Gary. You don't get it. It's not affordable. I'm like, I do get it. You buy Starbucks three times a day. Like, I grew up in neighborhoods where every single person had a used car. I haven't seen a used car in 30 years. People leasing new with money they don't have. Everybody's got six handbags. My friend's father, when I was growing up, had one pair of pants and shirt. He wore the same shit every day. People that are broke have closets. You motherfuckers are signed up to seven different streaming services. We need to talk to our grandparents. That's what we really need to do. You want some good advice? Go talk to your grandparents. Unless they're fucked up, go find some other old people. We just got to get back to. We got to get the back to basics mentally, and we got to get to the future physically. Got it. You got to get on that AI kick physically. Like that was good. Like that. But your mindset needs to be 1939, but your activities need to be 2039. Winners don't tear down people, right? They're too busy winning and actually cheering for everyone else. It's incredible. A, I am a winner, but more importantly, I actually believe my mother parented me so well that I don't even have it in my mind to contemplate envy and jealousy of someone else's success. Because, A, as a rational human being, no one else's success, even a direct competitor, is actually coming out of your pocket. And B, why would you waste energy on jealousy and envy? Because it's clearly taking away from you, putting in the work. And I say I don't like using luck because I think luck is the weapon of choice of losing players. But I did get fortunate that my natural DNA is not jealous and envious and that my mother parented me in a manner that didn't accept it or encourage it. So I am aware that I sit here, where in a room where a lot of people's DNA naturally took them that way, or the people they looked up to, their parents or older siblings did instill that. I have many relatives, even in my own siblings. They're different than me. But I beg on you, if you are sitting here listening to me, if you do find yourself jealous or upset a competitor or somebody in your Instagram feed, you must curtail that energy. It is fucking you up. It is complete waste of time. Everybody who hates somebody every hour right now on Instagram has done nothing to stop me, But they've done a lot to stop themselves. The fuck are you worried about me for? So, anyway, I laugh a lot when people. I actually saw a clip today where someone's like, fuck Gary Vee, he's, you know, he grew up rich. I'm like, no, no, I made my dad rich. I spent 22 to 34. This is why, for a lot of you have seen my content a long time, I talk about patience. When I started VaynerMedia, my biggest company, right? VaynerMedia, Vayner X, it holds all the agencies. We'll do $350 million in revenue this year. Revenue, not valuation, revenue. I started that company 14 years ago in another company's conference room because I had no money to pay rent, because I spent 22 to 34 working 100 hours a week, including Saturdays, because that's the only way you get to that many hours and Sundays. Building a business for my father. And we were an. How many people here are immigrants? So how many people here have worked in an immigrant, Immigrant family business? Raise your hand. So all of the people that just raised their hand will really understand what I'm about to say. Not only did I take my Dad's business from 3 to 60 million in sales and a hell of a lot more profit, and I worked 100 hours a week. That man did not fucking pay me. I literally took that business from 3 to 25 million in the first five years and went from making 38,000 a year, year to 45. I mean, this, I mean, this. The thing I'm most proud of is that I had the emotional strength, the patience, and the understanding of how life actually works to devote the greatest years of my working capacity life when I was single and had nothing else to do, to build a business for my father. And then I started building mine. And that is a level of pride that I sit up here with that will never be replicated, no matter how many. I mean, I truly believe. I mean, it. It's fun to be sitting with you. You know how passionate I am about this. I truly believe that I'm going to build Pokemon and Marvel. Do you know that Pokemon's worth a hundred billion dollars? That's right. And so, like, I know I'm gonna build it. You know I'm gonna build it. You been there from day one. I'm going to build it. It's going to happen. And yet it will be the biggest thing I build. It's the company that will allow me to buy the New York jets if that plays out timing wise. And still it will be a distant second to building wine library for my father. Wow. I believe one of the reasons a lot of you have not maximized the financial success, I assume I Mean, I don't know why else the fuck you'd be at a conference at 9am on a Friday in DC. I assume you're trying to build, right? I genuinely believe a lot of you are struggling to get to where you want to. Not like struggling, but you're not, you know, like you got something. Fuck, I want to do 10 million instead of 1 million or I want to do 3 million instead of 400,000. I genuinely believe this. I don't say this a lot. I put out a lot of content. So this is going to be a good nugget. I think it's because you care too much about that part. I genuinely believe the reason I and many people, you know, because a focus group of one is useless to all of you. I observe that really cook, really cook. I think they're detached from the success of the money. I just do, I just do think like, like I was think about who, how many people here have a good feel of who I am. They follow me just by show of hands. Thank you. That means, you know, I'm ambitious, I'm hungry, I'm building, I'm grinding. I turn 50 in a month and I'm waking up at 4:30 to give a speech and then run back to the Javits Center. I'm going to be at that Javits center like I'm at a flea market slinging shit, I mean it. And then at seven I'm going to go and have dinner with three or four of the biggest comic book artists because I'm trying to break into comics. And I'm going to have the humility even though where I'm at, to go, you know, and then I'm going to go live stream tonight from 10 to midnight. Like this is the point in my career where I'm supposed to be in the country club and all that. And I'm not doing it cause of the money. I'm doing it cause I love this game. I'm doing it cause it's joyful. I'm doing it cause I'm curious of how big can I make it. It's like a kid, you know, who's one kid that always stops me in my tracks when I run through life is when I'm at a. I'm just walking maybe with my wife Mona or just like whatever, I'm walking and if I see a kid building a castle, you know, like at 8 in the morning and then later I do another walk on the beach and it's like 1pm and that kid is still building. It's like. I'm like, I get you, kid. That kid is just building. He's. How can he make this castle? She make this castle before mom and dad say, knock it down, and we got to go eat. And if you've seen this kid, and I think some of you have, I assume some people have been to Beaches. Kid cooks day. And then Mom's like, it's dinner time. And he just smashes it, smiles and bounces. That is who I am as a businessman, as an entrepreneur, and I believe a lot of you need to find that simplicity and joy in the game, because I think the financial thing is wrapping you up. It's making you tight. It's making you tense. It's making you scared. And then I realized that it got me to the next place, which is why. And that's what got me into my content the last seven or eight years of, like, insecurity versus self esteem. Why are you doing it for them? The reason I'm never there is if I failed in all my businesses, I really don't care what you think about me failing. In the same way that I can't hear you when you all just cheered for me. I can't hear you when you boo for me. I don't play for you. I do not play for you. The greatest clip in the history of cinema was when Ivan Drago lost to Rocky in the Soviet Union. And he grabs the mic, and I speak Russian, so I knew what he said before they translated it for you, but he loses if you remember, you know? And he, like, cries to the premier. He's like, motherfuckers, I wasn't fucking fighting for Russia in this ring. I was fighting for me. And you guys have to get that mindset because a lot of you are worried about what everybody thinks about your house or your car or your chain or your bank account. And that is why it's not as big as you want it to be. That's it. Truth. I'm here. I'm here. I know where I'm at. And I'm posting about comic books right now on my social. And I have friends. Like, friends. They're like, yo, it's not a good look. I'm like, fuck you. What do you mean it's not a good look? What would you like me to post? Me being in a private plane. Does that make you happy? You want me to sling a $500,000 watch? You want me to show my Rashid Johnson piece of art in my house? Like, what would you like me do to. To do. To be a good look for you, Johnny. When you do it for you, you become free. I'm not embarrassed to post about comic books. I'm playing for me. And then the truth will be the truth. Either I'm right or I'm wrong. And I'm comfortable with being right or wrong. I need you all to get there because then you will do the moves that are required to build big. Because the reason you're not as big as you can be is you're scared to make the moves. You want someone else's cosine. Andrew. Do you know how many people I've asked for business advice in my life? Zero. Now, this is important. As I gotten older, I'm like, maybe, you know, it's like anything in life, anything too extreme, always wrong. I think I went too insular. I could have probably used a couple of mentors or advices along the way, but I've just stayed in my own cocoon because that's where I felt safest. It just, it was just good in the lab. It's just good. And I don't want other people's advice because other people's advice comes from there. Yesterday. And I'm playing for my tomorrow. That was a good one right there. I've never said that before. I never said that before. Yeah, yeah. I just, you know, if you notice, when I talk about mentors, like when I put out advice, I'm like pretty high level contextual because I know your shit's too unique. So it's hard for me to tell you need to do this. Well, you might not be like me. Well, Gary, I'll give you a great example. Real estate, my friends, the tax code is written for real estate. It's good. I own none. None. I don't like it. I'm not interested in it because I am not trying to maximize financially. I'm trying to maximize creatively. Enjoyability, fun. I don't know if you know this. You all were not born for a long time. The world has been going around for a very long time. And y' all just got here. And I don't know if you know this, but you're gonna die. And when you do, it's over. And I know some spiritual shit, you come back as a squirrel. I get that shit butt. Putting that aside, this is it. And so you're not born for a long time and you're dead forever. So what the fuck are you doing while you're here? Maximize for joy. In fact, I would argue I want A lot of you in this room to make less money leaving here. Let me say what I mean by that. A lot of you are hurting on happiness. And if you made $200,000 less, you'd be really happy. And I think that's a trade that's worth it. As long as that's like from 700 to 500, you know, there's necessities. If you're at 250 and you go to 50, that's a lifestyle change. But I'm telling you, we gotta fight for joy and especially in these times. You know, I was an F, D and F student, real bad, like the worst. But I was really good at history. And as I've gotten older, I've realized it's because history tells you the future. And like, I'm sure it's not lost all on anybody, especially sitting right here in D.C. it's not like tomorrow culture is going to get light again. For a lot of us, the next 20, 30 years is going to continue to be heavy. It's going to take a minute for us to pendulum swing back together. We're getting pulled apart, which always is causing tension. So in a world where the outside is even more tense than ever, your inside needs to be more calm than ever. And so I need you. This is, this is mindset to business. Business is hard. Entrepreneurship is lonely. I wake up every morning 100% of the world that I live is my fault, my responsibility on me. I got nobody else. Nobody else. I can't turn to no one. It's all on me. And I have 3,000 employees in Vader X. And fucking one of my best guys fucking had a stroke and it's an big trouble. And like that's just emotional, let alone what I have to do to replace him leading a huge company. And I have Singapore and I have fucking London and I have Lats Ham and like every day. And I'm in my shit with my people. So every day someone's being diagnosed with cancer and having a miscarriage and sick and a house burnt down and like father died. I'm getting that email every day now because I want to know everything about every employee. So that's heavy emotionally. And then what about financially? You lose a client. This, this shit is warfare. Back when you remember when we used to travel, you have to fill out the forms now. It's all digital, but. And you'd have to put occupation the last three years, I did that about five, seven years ago. Every time under occupation, I wrote firefighter Real talk A. Because I fucking love firefighters. Big ups to them. And B, I truly believe that's my life because I'm literally sleeping, but I'm prepared for my phone to ring and I got to do something. And that's what this game is. So when it's that, why the fuck do you think it's so hard? Why do you think so few people achieve social media, mainstream media, the way the world is has you fucked up. You're overpaying attention to one 23 year old that became a billionaire. The top 1% of financial earners in America, the richest country in the world, make $447,000 a year or some sort of number like that. 600,000 maybe. With inflation somewhere around 4 to 5. 600,000 a year puts you in the 1%. Yet all of us are walking around like, if you don't make 10 million a year, you're a fucking loser. That does not add up. We need a mindset shift. But for someone like me, this is. I was born to be a firefighter. I love this game. I need you to figure out what you love. In fact, some of you need to become number twos and threes, not number ones. You'll make more money and be happier. In fact, some of you need to close one of your businesses that might make 300,000, but it's bringing all your stress so your other shit actually goes up. In fact, you guys have to start looking at this at chess. Too many of you were playing checkers. We need to change the script. Love it. Give a hand.
[Speaker B] One last question. That is. You use a lot of different words.
[Speaker A] Like, like, sorry about that. For those that weren't ready for this, go ahead.
[Speaker B] But you use words like empathy and love and patience. Is I words you to use are.
[Speaker A] My key words for you. If you could.
[Speaker B] This is. We're setting the day with you normally.
[Speaker A] Normally, you're one of our closing speakers. We change.
[Speaker B] If you set the tone for this room today for the rest of the.
[Speaker A] Day with one word, self awareness, my friends, be you. You have no idea how crazy my path was to like where I am in the business world. I, I came out, like, came out really in 0809, everybody told me to be everything. I wasn't actually back to the joke I just made. When I signed with caa, the big speaking bureau, they said, gary, you could be a big speaker, but we're gonna help you right here, right now. I'm like, okay, let's do it. They're like, you have to stop cursing. I'm like, fuck you. But for a lot of you, I'm sure, and I apologize because we all grow up different. This is my Jersey boy immigrant shit. Some of you grew up with a grandma from the south who said cursing is the devil. When people are offended or don't like my stuff, I respect that they're right, not me. I'm just not capable of not being me. Right. The world came to me in 0809. If I cursed like this, there was a lot more people offended. Norms changed over the last 18, 19 years. There's a lot more shit we have to worry about than just bad words. And I think we're going to let that one pass. What about the way I dressed? The other thing was, you can't be taken serious as a businessman wearing jeans and a T shirt, I'm like, then I'm just not going to be serious. The world came to me. We all know, especially 40 and older, we got casual things got more casual clothes wise. I didn't. I don't believe the clothes or, you know, represent the man or the woman. I think the substance of their humanity does. I think the skill sets they have do, You know? So I just want, like, if you are a non cursing, formal dresser, go cook, because you will. You don't need to be me, for damn sure. You need to be you. And let me go to the depths of where I want to go. You're going to hear a lot of stuff. You may be like, oh, that's how you make a lot of money. If you're sitting there being like, I can't do that, then don't. We're so like, look, there's things you have to work on, human things, tactical things. If it's not fun to study collective, like, I think collectibles is about to go crazy. Like, crazy Labu boos, Pokemon sneakers, watches, trading. I think there's just so much business opportunity. But when I say that if you're in the crowd and be like, yo, I used to love baseball cards, well, then maybe you should look into it. But if you heard that and be like, that's stupid, then maybe you shouldn't. You understand? I win because I don't create friendship for myself. And I need you to go to that self awareness place. You need to know who you are. Are you out, like, you know this, like, like somebody might come up, like, sales, which is real sales is amazing. But then like, if you know you're the most introverted person in your family, you don't want to talk to nobody. What the fuck do you think you're gonna do in sales? I see it all the time. Like some weird awkward like, hey, I'm Johnny. Johnny, you're not selling shit. You better fucking become an accountant now, now, you know what I mean? Like Johnny, who loves math, heard on a video that sales is where it's at and gets a fucking bullshit suit and is like, I'm in sales now. He loses every time, but he goes into development or accounting or finance, he wins. And, and I just need you to be self aware. Who are you? What do you like? You can make money in everything. I mean it, you can make money in everything. Especially now with the way niche marketing is and brand deals and sell merch. Who likes to cook here, Raise your hands. Crazy amount of opportunity. Go to Stan store, make a $20 cookbook, link that Stan Store URL to your Instagram profile. Make cooking videos, watch how much money you can make. Money making is everywhere. The self esteem required for money making is nowhere. And that is what I'm working on. And that's why I'm building Be Friends. By the way, my whole little be friends world, my 280 characters, empathy, elephant patient, Panda, right? Tenacious termite. I know that when I went on TikTok I started getting 13 and 14 year old fans and I could see that they were doing more of what, because you know, old dog, new tricks, right? And by the way, on the old dog thing, 50, 60, 70, it's just a mindset. Old dog is a mindset. Not, not your actual age. I have a video coming out later where I pretty much proclaim that I think I'm seven years old. That's just where I'm at, you know, it's a mindset. But I noticed that the 13, 14, 15 year olds in those first because my audience went from like 22 to 13 with TikTok back in 18, 19 I was like oh, these kids. And then it's just like normal. I'm a common sense man. I'm like, oh, I'm getting to them earlier. I can mold a little bit earlier. So now I'm like, fuck it. You know what's better than 13, 3 years old here, raise your hands. I need you to write something down, please. Befriends.com cartoons We've made 20 cartoons with the people that made Cocomelon. So they're high quality. Have your kids watch it and you should watch it. You're gonna smile because again, 80s, baby. When I grew up in the 80s, those cartoons were trying to help the parent's parent. I used to watch he man and at the end he'd be like. And it's like, hey, kids, it's he Man. And remember, be nice to your sister. I'm like, oh, fuck my sister. You know, Like, I feel like kids programming has not contributed to parenting's harder than ever. And I'm like, where is everything helping us? So I want be friends to help, but then also I want to win the comic crew and the nerds and, you know, all that. And so I'm building and I believe in this stuff and this is the real stuff because I literally just gave you guys and gals in black and white how to make $1 million. Buy stuff at wholesale and instead of going on ebay or an Amazon drop shipping site, go and build a TikTok shop and go on whatnot and sell it. And in 24 months you will make more money than you can ever imagine. So it's not. Now again, back to self awareness. Like, I don't want to sell on camera all that, but why don't you want to be on camera camera? Is it because someone might say you're ugly and that might you up. I'm trying to figure out why everyone's still in grammar school. Like a lot of you don't do my social media advice because you can't deal with one negative comment from Johnny Pants 47. Why can't you deal with that? It's because you're insecure. When Johnny Pants 47 says, I'm not, I don't feel bad for me. I worry about him. Do you know, sad of a life it is to go around the Internet and leave negative comments on people's content. I'm not sad for me. I'm compassionate to him. Imagine, imagine that life. Imagine having time to do that. Tearing other people down. What a sad way to live. So that's where I'm at, brother. Self awareness. I want them like all the stuff I just said. How many people here got excited and are excited about the idea of like, yeah, I actually do want to sell some stuff on video, on social. Raise your hand. Great. Those people should really, really try hard. You really should. It's a very big deal. I made these same videos about social media in 2006, 7, 8, and definitely TikTok in 18. I know a lot of you saw that one and a lot of you wish you did and you didn't. Don't do that again. Go do it. And again, if you forgot anything I said chatgpt literally this Is the chat CPT thing you type or audio? Hey, I was just at a conference with Gary Vaynerchuk. He talked about live shopping on social media, I think. What was he talking about? He will give you what I just talked about. The worst thing that ever happened to all of you is that ChatGPT came along. You know why? No more excuses. Because people love their excuses, Drew, you know?
[Speaker B] So you guys give Gary V. Round of applause.
[Speaker A] Gary V. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I got something. I got something. I got something. I got something. It's, it's. I actually, a lot of you know me here, I never do this. I don't throw right hooks on stage, but I did something I've been working on for four and a half years. So. Vee friends Blockchain, NFTs. NFTs 99. I made videos when it was red hot. 99% were going to go to zero because 99% of trading cards are not worth something. But Michael Jordan's rookie card is. 99% of watches, especially the fake ones, are worthless. 1% are collectible anyway. I've been building this world. I'm real. If you're who's here, who's into collectibles here, raise your hand. So a lot of you just raise your hands. And of the people that are into collectibles, how many of you also like me and follow me? Raise your hands. Of that group. Thank you. So of that group for the last four and a half years, it's impossible to buy an NFT. Coinbase Ethereum, MetaMask seed phrase. For four and a half years, I've been working on this. We just launched it yesterday. I want you to look at it. You go to veefriends.com VF oh, excuse me, garyvee.com VF I want you to look at it for the first time ever. Now you can buy the NFT with a credit card in three clicks. All the crypto stuff happens behind the scene now. That's my right hook, honestly. First of all, it's 300 bucks for a Series 2. 300 bucks for a collectible when you don't have disposable income is the stupidest thing. Never buy anything from me if you don't have disposable income. But a couple of you will do it. And I'm curious if you could just email me at garyvee Friends how that experience was. But that's not why I'm bringing it up fully. Not just the right hook for me. Let me Tell you what happened. I want you to understand how technology works. The Internet was around for a long time. And then a gentleman by the name of Marc Andreessen created the web browser. All of us normal people couldn't get on the Internet. In 91, 92, 93, you had to be a developer. That wasn't even a thing. And then a man came along, an inventor, and created the browser. The thing that you typed www.ebay.com into enter, and it made it easy for all of us to do it. Four years I've been talking about these blockchain collectibles, and it was too hard. I mean, when you wanted to buy a bunch, it took us like four hours of calls. And we know, like, he knows what he's doing. So I'm like, damn, when will the normals get here? The normals get here when you go to GaryVee.com VF click the one you like, hit Apple pay, and it's done. The magic happens behind the scenes. That's what AI will do. That's what blockchain will do. Soon we're going to have glasses, my friends. We've only got about another decade or so where this is the primary device. This is going to be the beeper. This is going to be the beeper. We're going to live in a glasses world. And all of you, like, well, that's complicated. Get it? And then it's going to get figured out, and then all the action happens. This live shopping thing that I'm trying to push all of you towards, I've been watching it for three years in America now it's ready. You understand? So when you see new things and it feels clunky and weird, you can't dismiss it because people are working on it. And sometimes that's you, the human. I'm not judging you here. Today you're working on it. I'm working on it. And that's the best part. Stop judging yourself. Today you're working on it. Just like technology. Thank you.